"Whenever I'm sad, I stop being sad and be awesome instead." - Barney Stinson
"It's just, eventually we're all gonna move on. It's called growing up." - Lily Aldrin
"The future is scary, but you can't just run back to the past because it's familiar. Yes it's tempting, but it's a mistake." - Robin Scherbatsky
"That cake. Best cake I ever had. Seriously, my stomach was like, ‘Hey bro, I don't know what you're eating cause I don't have any eyes but it's basically awesome, so keep sending it down Gullet Alley.'" - Marshall Eriksen
"Everyone has an opinion on how long it takes to recover from a breakup." - Ted Mosby
"I realized that I'm searching, searching for what I really want in life. And you know what? I have absolutely no idea what that is." - Barney Stinson
"We struggle so hard to hold on to these things that we know are gonna disappear eventually. And that's really noble." - Lily Aldrin
"Because sometimes even if you know how something's gonna end, that doesn't mean you can't enjoy the ride." - Ted Mosby
"That's life, you know. We never end up where you thought you wanted to be." - Marshall Eriksen
"Oh my god, look at you cowards. So afraid of any kind of change. So terrified of anything new. So, so desperate to cling to anything comfortable and familiar." - Robin Scherbatsky
"A lie is just a great story that someone ruined with the truth." - Barney Stinson
"The three-day rule is a childish, manipulative mind game. But yeah, you wait three days." - Lily Aldrin
"I wound up shame-eating the whole pizza. I woke up all greasy and sweaty. My sheets looked like what they wrap deli sandwiches in. Maybe I should join a gym. Do you go to a gym?" - Ted Mosby
"I get recognized one time, and I start thinking I'm Julia Roberts. I'm no VIP; I'm not even an IP; I'm just a lonely little P sitting out here in the gutter." - Robin Scherbatsky
"Every Halloween, I bring a spare costume, in case I strike out with the hottest girl at the party. That way, I have a second chance to make a first impression." - Barney Stinson
"Revenge fantasies never work out the way you want." - Marshall Eriksen
"So really the biggest mistake would be not to make that mistake, because then you'll go your whole life not knowing if something was a mistake or not." - Lily Aldrin
"I finally found the one, Marshall. Her name is Bacon." - Ted Mosby
"The best I can give you is a fake smile and dead eyes." - Robin Scherbatsky
"I realized that I'm searching, searching for what I really want in life. And you know what? I have absolutely no idea what that is." - Barney Stinson
"I've never asked Lily to do anything ‘no questions asked' because I never wanted to. She's the love of my life. I never keep anything from her." - Marshall Eriksen
"Your package has always been big enough. You may not realize this, Marshall Eriksen, but you've got a huge package." - Lily Aldrin
"Look, I know the odds are the love of my life isn't going to magically walk through that door in a pumpkin costume at 2:43 in the morning. But it just seems as nice a spot as any to just, you know, sit and wait."- Ted Mosby
"I don't wanna get married right now, maybe ever, and if we got together I'd feel like I'd either have to marry you or break your heart, and I just couldn't do either of those things. Just like you can't turn off the way you feel." - Robin Scherbatsky
"It's going to be legen…wait for it…and I hope you're not lactose-intolerant cause the second half of that word is…dary!" - Barney Stinson
"Telling People You Drive A Nissan Almera Is Like Telling Them You've Got The Ebola Virus And You're About To Sneeze." - Jeremy Clarkson
"Some Say He Lives In A Tree, And That His Sweat Can Be Used To Clean Precious Metals. All We Know Is... He's Called The Stig" - Jeremy Clarkson
"Over the line? You're so far past the line that you can't even see the line! The line is a dot to you!" - Joey Tribbiani
"You can't just give up! Is that what a dinosaur would do?" - Joey Tribbiani
"I like it. What's not to like? Custard? Good. Jam? Good. Meat? Good." - Joey Tribbiani
"Here come the meat sweats." - Joey Tribbiani
"Look at me! I'm Chandler! Could I be wearing any more clothes?" - Joey Tribbiani
"It's a moo point. It's like a cow's opinion; it doesn't matter. It's moo." - Joey Tribbiani
"Brussels sprouts? That's worse than no food." - Ross Geller
"Shame on you! Ugly baby judges you!" - Ross Geller
"We were on a break!" - Ross Geller
"Can't hold her own head up. But, yeah. Jumped." - Ross Geller
"They don't know that we know they know we know." - Phoebe Buffay
"If you want to receive emails about my upcoming shows please give me money so I can buy a computer." - Phoebe Buffay
"I can't have a mimosa? I'm on vacation!" - Phoebe Buffay
"I wish I could. But, I don't want to." - Phoebe Buffay
"It's Nestle Toulouse." - Phoebe Buffay
"Scissors cuts paper, paper covers rock, rock crushes lizard, lizard poisons Spock, Spock smashes scissors, scissors decapitates lizard, lizard eats paper, paper disproves Spock, Spock vaporizes rock, and as it always has, rock crushes scissors."- Sheldon Cooper
"I am the king of the nerds." - Leonard
"I do wanna fling my poop at her." - Penny
"As my mom used to say, ‘When you're doing a puzzle, it's like you've got a thousand friends.' She was full of fun lies like that." - Amy Farrah Fowler
"I am a horny engineer; I never joke about math or sex." - Howard Wolowitz
"My point is, while you're spending all this time on your own, building computers or practicing your cello, what you're really doing is becoming interesting. When people finally do notice you, they're gonna find someone a lot cooler than they thought. And for those of you that were popular in high school, it's over, sorry. Thank you. Congratulations." - Leonard
"If anyone's interested, I'll be spending this Valentine's in the same way I spend every Valentine's. Buying disoriented chicken from the supermarket, taking home, standing over the sink and eating out of the packet with my bare hands like an animal." - Raj
"You better find my husband's mother, 'cause one way or another we're walking out of this airport with a dead woman." - Bernadette
"What up, Shel-Bot?" - Penny
"It's a Satunalia miracle." - Leonard
"The only way she'd be able to make a contribution to science is if they resume sending chimps into space." - Sheldon Cooper
"I lost my virginity to my cousin, Jeanie. It was my Uncle Murray's funeral, we were all back at my Aunt Barbara's house. Our eyes locked over the pickled herring. We never meant for it to happen. To this day, I can't look at pickled herring without being aroused and ashamed. Oh, cousin Jeanie." - Howard
"Amy, good luck getting these guys excited about a dinner with a theme. I gave up when no one cared about my Tom Hanks-Giving." - Raj
"We're here to see Koothrappali, not kill Batman." - Leonard
"I often forget other people have limitations. It's so sad." - Sheldon Cooper
"I haven't cried this hard since Toy Story 3." - Raj
"Feelings? What am I? A hippy at a love-in?" - Sheldon Cooper
"I told you you shouldn't have espresso after dinner. I know the little cups make you feel big but it's not worth it." - Bernadette
"We're all pathetic and creepy, and can't get girls. That's why we fight robots." - Barry Kripke
"Gosh, Amy. I'm sensing a little hostility. Is it maybe because like Sheldon's work, your sex life is also theoretical?" - Bernadette
"I like you a lot and that's scary for me. Mostly because you're a proven flight risk." - Raj
"I've said this before and I'll say it again: Aquaman sucks!" - Raj
"Well, this is confusing for me. But I don't want to stand in the way of your happiness. So, I will condemn you internally while maintaining an outward appearance of acceptance." - Sheldon Cooper
"Then it's settled. Amy's birthday present will be my genitals." - Sheldon Cooper
Maybe our mistakes are what make our fate. Without them, what would shape our lives." - Carrie
"Maybe we can be each other's soul mates. And then we can let men be just these great, nice guys to have fun with." - Charlotte
"Do any of you have a completely unremarkable friend or maybe a houseplant I could go to dinner with on Saturday night?" - Miranda
"I've spent $40,000 on shoes and I have no place to live?! I will literally be the old woman who lived in her shoes." - Carrie
"The English language can not fully capture the depth and complexity of my thoughts, so I'm incorporating emojis into my speech to better express myself. Winky face." - Gina Linetti
"If I die, turn my tweets into a book." - Gina Linetti
"Jake, why don't you just do the right thing and jump out of a window?" - Gina Linetti
"Okay, no hard feelings, but I hate you. Not joking. Bye." - Gina Linetti
"It's Gina's phone. Leave me a voicemail. I won't check it 'cause it's not 1993." - Gina Linetti
"My mother cried the day I was born, because she knew she would never be better than me." - Gina Linetti
"You should make me your campaign manager. I was born for politics. I have great hair and I love lying." - Gina Linetti
"Went to Disneyland because my daughter's obsessed with Mickey Mouse. She was so excited when I got home and told her." - Ryan Reynolds
"Laughing can serve you in dark moments and even help you crawl your way back out." - Ryan Reynolds
"I firmly believe that you can't manufacture chemistry with anyone, let alone a kid." - Ryan Reynolds
"Paint one mural of Zayn on the hood of your car using gold leaf and real hair, and suddenly you're 'obsessed'." - Ryan Reynolds
"If you have been brutally broken but still have the courage to be gentle to other living beings, then you're a badass with a heart of an angel." - Keanu Reeves
"Every struggle in your life has shaped you into the person you are today. Be thankful for the hard times, they can only make you stronger." - Keanu Reeves
"I mean, if you didn't get it or if you didn't feel like you enjoyed it, sometimes that experience can change." - Keanu Reeves
"Luxury is the opportunity to experience quality, be it a place, a person or an object." - Keanu Reeves
"The simple act of paying attention can take you a long way." - Keanu Reeves
"I believe in love at first sight. You want that connection, and then you want some problems." - Keanu Reeves
"Falling in love and having a relationship are two different things." - Keanu Reeves
"Art is about trying to find the good in people and making the world a more compassionate place." - Keanu Reeves
"Valentine's Day is coming? Oh crap - I forgot to get a girlfriend again." - Fry
"Your music's bad and you should feel bad!" - Dr. Zoidberg
"I'm so embarrassed. I wish everybody else was dead." - Bender
"Shut up and take my money!" - Fry
"I don't want to live on this planet anymore." - Professor
"You win again, gravity." - Zapp Brannigan
"This is the worst kind of discrimination. The kind against me!" - Bender
"If anyone asks where I am, I've left the country." - Mike
"She will not be able to resist these pearls." *Purrs* - Dustin
"Just curious why all of a sudden you look like some MTV punk." - Hopper
"There's more to life than stupid boys, you know." - Max
"You can't spell America without Erica." - Erica
"You tell anyone I just told you that and your ass is grass." - Steve
"Bitchin'." - Eleven
"Make mistakes, learn from them, and when life hurts you - because it will - remember the hurt. The hurt is good. It means you're out of that cave." - Hopper
"There's no sense in going out of your way to get somebody to like you." - Ash
"I see now that the circumstances of one's birth are irrelevant; it is what you do with the gift of life that determines who you are." - Mewtwo
"Getting wrapped up in worries is bad for your body and spirit. That's when you must short out your logic circuits and reboot your heart." - Elesa
"I will show you that my love for my friends permeates every cell in my body." - N
"It's more important to master the cards you're holding than to complain about the ones your opponent was dealt." - Grimsley
"The more wonderful the meeting, the sadder the parting." - Looker
"Me, give up? No way!" - Ash
"Take charge of your destiny." - Rayquaza
"Would I rather be feared or loved? Easy. Both. I want people to be afraid of how much they love me." - Michael Scott
"Wikipedia is the best thing ever. Anyone in the world can write anything they want about any subject. So you know you are getting the best possible information." - Michael Scott
"Do I have a special someone? Well, yeah of course. A bunch of 'em. My employees." - Michael Scott
"They say on your deathbed you never wish you spent more time at the office - but I will." - Michael Scott
"Make friends first, make sales second, make love third. In no particular order." - Michael Scott
"I love inside jokes. I hope to be a part of one someday." - Michael Scott
"I'm an early bird and a night owl. So I'm wise and have worms." - Michael Scott
"Who is Justice Beaver?" - Dwight Schrute
"Powerpoints are the peacocks of the business world; all show, no meat." - Dwight Schrute
"How would I describe myself? Three words: hardworking, alpha male, jackhammer, merciless, insatiable." - Dwight Schrute
"Why are all these people here? There's too many people on this earth. We need a new plague." - Dwight Schrute
"I find your lack of faith disturbing." - Darth Vader
"Do. Or do not. There is no try." - Yoda
"May the Force be with you." - General Dodonna
"It's a trap!" - Admiral Ackbar
"So this is how liberty dies... with thunderous applause." - Padmé Amidala
"Laugh it up, fuzzball!" - Han Solo
"Someday I will be the most powerful Jedi ever." - Anakin